#How to use GUI version of Image Manipulation and Enhancement

Conditions:
1. Image should be loaded before trying to apply any operations on it.

USAGE: 

1. Press the 'Load' button to load an image. The supported formats are PNG, JPG, and PPM.

2. Select any operation you want to apply from the drop-down list and press the 'Apply' button

3. For compression press the 'Compress' after adding the compression factor (range 1 - 100) in the text field for compression.

4. For level adjustment, press the 'Adjust level' button after giving appropriate b, m, and w values in the text field.

5. After each operation, your image will be overridden by the new image obtained after applying the current operation.

4. 'Enable Split Mode' is a toggle button that will enable split mode for any operation.
Using this feature user can preview an operation before committing to it. Users can set the portion of the image they want to preview
by setting a percentage in the text field provided in the split view plane. The default is 50%. After toggling split mode, 
the user can load and apply any operation on the loaded image. After each operation, the user can commit to the operation by pressing the 'Save transformation' button which will apply the operation to the whole image. 
If another operation is applied before committing to the previous operation, then the newer operation will be applied to the original image and the previous operation will be lost. Therefore, during the split mode, if the user wishes to continue with the previous operation then the 'Save Transformation' button should be pressed. During previewing, the user has to option to change the preview percentage by entering the appropriate percentage and pressing 'Set split percentage'.

5. The user can save the current image by pressing the 'Save' button which opens a dialog box where the user can go to the location of their choice
and save the image in either PNG, JPG, or PPM format.

6. On the bottom left corner, users can view the histogram of the image that is currently on their screens.

7. Users can modify the size of the image display pane and also use scroll bars if the image is large enough.

8. If a user tries to apply any operation before loading an image, then a dialog box will show up prompting the user to load an image.

9. If a user tries to load another image before saving the current image locally, a dialog box will open up asking if the user wants to save the current image or not.

10. If the user gives a value in any of the text fields that is outside the scope of the requirement, the user will be prompted to enter the value again. 


